hi guys my name is cop gives and this is
just a review of this be glad you got my
hands on it's made by Franken spill
Frank spear or a company and make a lot
of other speakers and this is just the
latest one on their line and it's cool d
fsx Bluetooth hi-fi speaker and this is
kind of like I said just a kind of
review and first impression of what I
think how I feel about them device
itself and to be honest with you I
listen to a lot of music that isn't a
lot of different music and I've all the
speakers I've used in the past this one
for me get a lot of power out of it and
and get gives me the feel of each
different kind of genre of music whether
that be rock rap pop R&B a type of thing
but with the sound you'll hear that
later on in the video again from looking
very sleek I mean literally fits in the
palm of your hand so with that you can
kind of take it putting it back you can
take it to work college just take to a
friend's house and just have a good time
listening to music through this because
for the demo of the speaker I'm gonna
use my iPad but you can use any
smartphone tablet laptop with mp3 player
that has bluetooth capability press the
power button you'll hear this the light
will change color then you'll hear this
is basically letting you know that the
vice is ready for a Bluetooth link
go to the settings on your device and
look at bluetooth and just connect the
device to your speaker this may take a
bit of time if you have other Bluetooth
devices in the area but when it comes up
just select and you'll be fine
listen stop is right no pay now I'm
seeing them real chicks hopping out of
these hands oh she do it to me the first
night she kept you asking the friend
zone show me down as you can hear from
the fsx you get powerful 360 sound I'm
from a one-hour chart to get 50 hours of
playback time which means you can come
and go as you please and listen to the
music you want to I'd be using the fsx
for a few days now I come in i link up
and I listen thanks for watching hope
you liked the review